Sister, you are hurt
I'm fine, why are you here?
Why don't I come here if you are in trouble?
Cheng He Style
Xiao Yin Feng, you hurt my disciple the day before yesterday
I haven't settled the bill with you yet.
I didn't expect it to be delivered to my door today.
Xiang Yifeng
Your senior sister stole something and stole it from me. Ling Yunfeng is here.
Tell me what the crime is
This purple gold grass is not a thing of the Western Han Dynasty
It just happens to grow near Lingyun Peak
Senior Sister Lu doesn't even have this kind of tolerance, right?
Junior sister Xiao Yin Fang doesn't mean anything to you
Why are you angry?
I'm not worth it for you
Shut up, what are you two doing?
Come and go elder
It was my fault.
I shouldn't have voted for purple gold grass
If you want to punish, punish me
If this matter gets into the ears of the head
I'm afraid we're all having a hard time in face
How about this?
You make a condition
I promise you.
If I can achieve
You let my sister go
Dare to talk to my master about conditions
You deserve that too
Let it go
Can you take my three palms?
How about letting go of your senior sister after finishing my three palms?
It's a deal.